docs(getting-started): sv create already install dependencies (#14095)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/10-getting-started/20-creating-a-project.md

```sh
npx sv create my-app
cd my-app
npm run dev
```

> The first command will scaffold a new project in the `my-app` directory and install dependencies, asking you to confiugre basic tooling such as TypeScript. See [integrations](./integrations) for pointers on setting up additional tooling. The next commands will start a server on [localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first command will scaffold a new project in the `my-app` directory and install dependencies, asking you to configure basic tooling such as TypeScript. See [integrations](./integrations) for pointers on setting up additional tooling. The next commands will start a server on [localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173).
```

> The first command will scaffold a new project in the `my-app` directory and install dependencies, asking you to configure basic tooling such as TypeScript. See [integrations](./integrations) for pointers on setting up additional tooling. The next commands will start a server on [localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first command will scaffold a new project in the `my-app` directory asking if you'd like to set up some basic tooling such as TypeScript. See [the CLI docs](/docs/cli/overview) for information about these options and [the integrations page](./integrations) for pointers on setting up additional tooling. `npm run dev` will then start the development server on [localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) - make sure you install dependencies before running this if you didn't do so during project creation.
```
